hey it's shaunell from pretty hair is
fun and this week's Tuesday tutorial is
going to be a Waterfall twist braid we
love waterfall braids they're everywhere
and I love this new version of it it's
gorgeous and so I think you'll like it
too and it's very simple and we'd love
to show you a couple of new things is
we're gonna have a giveaway coming up
soon and also be watching for timestamps
on our videos so you can look down below
in the description box and it will tell
you when certain things are happening in
your videos so if you want to re-watch
the video you forgot something and you
don't have to watch the whole video
again you can just look for that
particular section in the time stamp so
look for those we'll be putting them on
all of our future videos and we'll get
started on our Waterfall twist braid you
ready mm-hmm okay okay to begin this
hairstyle do a side part and then begin
your twist waterfall braid on the large
section so after you've combed it
smoother thank you just take this
section of hair in front of her ear and
split it in half and then take a smaller
third section
cross it over so it's in the middle and
then you're going to take your left side
cross it over take your right side and
twist it over then you're going to drop
this section and just hold on to these
two then continue on now when you bring
this new hair in and bring you to middle
I'm going to take a small section and
add it to the left before I cross it
over and then twist
and drop this piece so again but you
have low messy Thanks
take your hair the reason I'm adding to
it and so that this piece that I'm
wrapping around they don't run out of
hair by then so by adding just a little
bit it's gonna extend that out a little
bit and twist I pull that tight for do
it
and you just continue around her head
you know just taking a little small
section adding it to it public send that
out
then this continue on across the back of
her head
now you get a pier to the front like
your other waterfall braids you can
decide where you want to end it I'm
going to end it behind her ear so I'm
going to pull in this front section is
my last section and then I'm just gonna
braid this just a little bit a regular
braid Thanks so just not a little bit
now you can braid this down you can
elastic it off and you can pull up this
hair under here and you can tuck the
braid under and bobby pin it that's one
way to hide the braid if you don't like
it and actually what I'm going to do and
I'm just gonna elastic it off here
there's a second option
using a clear elastic
this is our Waterfall twist braid she's
got a few layers poking out a little bit
those are easily hid just go through and
readjust all of your sections you know
he's he's bobby pins
we've just curled her hair a little bit
I shut off the effect that is our
Waterfall twist braid beautiful
thanks for watching be sure to subscribe
to our channel and check us out on
Facebook Alex pretty hair is fun and
Instagram pretty hair is fun and Twitter
at Chanel's hair and Pinterest
Shawn house there